### Supplemental Reflections
## Fenwick Tree Project: CSPB 2270

This project challenged me to develop a full scope project from concept to full implementation. My goal, aside from fulfilling project requirements, was to create something that I can continue to build out as I progress through the CSPB program. I think this idea has the potential to be a portfolio project in a couple of years.

I originally chose Fenwick trees as my structure based on the example given for the structure... I could see being able to translate that idea to a subject matter that I have personal interest in. However, I found it challenging to understand the inner workings of the Fenwick Tree without textbook references. It took quite a few hours of research and study to find some good references and finally understand how the data structure works. Then I was faced with another question: how could I illustrate the Fenwick Tree structure to a casual user of my program? It's not a data structure that lends itself to easy visual representation, as the functionality of the structure lies in the indexing and querying. ChatGPT was ultimately helpful in allowing me to develop a print tree function that showcases what is happening behind the scenes. Another challenge of showing how the data structure works is that it's most evident for large data sizes. Small data samples didn't seem clear enough, so I created several larger data sets that better illustrate the power of the data structure.  

Aside from the challenges of learning the Fenwick Tree data strcuture, one of the primary challenges I encountered in this project was how to handle conflicts between optimal data formats for users and optimal data formats for the data structure. I wrote, deleted, and rewrote multiple functions dealing with the date format and indexing scheme as I tried to find the optimal solution for the way I wanted the program to work. I was trying to avoid rebuilding the trees after insertions, but I ultimately found that it was necessary to completely rebuild the trees in order to maintain the functionality of querying on date ranges. Unordered date ranges don't work for the Fenwick Tree structure if your queries are based on date ranges. 